Good evening or afternoon, family, wherever you are.
I want to say a few things before we pray.
Many of you don't realize that I go live every day.
People are asking, "Brandon, why aren't you making videos anymore?
" I tell them I make videos all the time—they're just live.
However, we're finding that if you don't upload a regular video, it doesn't appear in people's feeds because of the algorithm.
From what we understand, the lives are treated differently than the original uploads.
So, we're going to start uploading the lives as regular videos again.
We've been doing this since Charlie Kirk's passing.
Diana mentioned that many people are saying I'm not making videos anymore, so we're going to do something different.
For those of you who watch the lives, you might think it's a new video, but it's actually the live video going into a different feed.
I'm doing this for the algorithm.
I thought it was interesting because so many people said they missed me and asked why I stopped making videos.
Many elderly viewers don't realize you have to click the "Live" button to see those videos.
So, all those videos will go into the regular feed now.
I have a friend here who wants to join us.
Come on in; you look comfy.
You have to come into my forest—we're in the woods together now.
I want to talk about what I saw regarding the rioting and the things the Lord showed me back in 2024.
We've been praying over it for a long time.
I told Braden I wanted to bring up all the videos where I talked about entitlements and the rioting.
I saw the government turning off all the entitlements: food stamps, WIC, food, benefits, and even Social Security.
I saw a point in time where even medical benefits would be turned off, leading to a major outrage.
There was a major outrage concerning people not getting their entitlements, and they were rioting.
As I've said many times, people were throwing things through windows and stealing.
It was mass chaos, and the President had to bring in armored cars and Hummers to set up fencing and close things off.
They called for martial law in the cities because buildings were being ransacked.
It was bad in Chicago, Detroit, and all throughout the East.
For a period of time, people acted like it was a free-for-all.
They started robbing the rich, going into wealthy neighborhoods and stealing like Robin Hood, with a mentality of "f--- the rich.
" It's the truth; that's how everyone was acting because they were upset about not getting their money.
Many people said I was racist because of the things I was saying.
That really hurt.
Of all the people in the world, I am not a racist person.
It really grieved me because some "sisters of color" said, "You're a racist, Brandon; you're coming against us.
" I said, "No, not at all.
" If I ever come across as racist, I've told my wife to just slap the snot out of me.
I'm telling you, that aggrieved me, and I want to make that clear.
This has nothing to do with race.
I'm telling you exactly what I see through the prophetic lens.
Whatever color skin you have, it's irrelevant to me.
I could care less.
It's about what the Holy Spirit said and what I saw in a glimpse of the future.
I never want to come across as racist.
I've been attacked and called names, but I'm not looking for sympathy.
I just want you to know that all people—Hispanic, Latino, African-American, Asian—are welcome on this channel.
Having white skin means nothing.
I want you to know that we love you and we are a family.
I don't look at skin color; we are the family of God.
I hope that always comes from my heart.
I love everybody.
Whether it was an attack from the enemy or whatever, I wanted to make that very clear.
When I'm telling you what the Holy Spirit is showing me, I saw many people of color in these visions, but I wasn't saying it was only them—there were white people, too.
It didn't matter about color.
I brought up BLM and Martin Luther King Jr.
to relate the scale of the hundreds of thousands of people protesting, like Antifa or other recent events.
I obviously need to learn how to communicate better.
After this happened, I saw great distress in our cities.
I saw fires throughout New York and buildings burning down.
The riots were so bad in New York that people were taking their families and leaving the cities for the South to get away from the craziness.
It was a way to destabilize things.
I've told you many times: the very freedoms you take for granted every day—the security and safety you feel going to the movies, sporting events, or church—will be challenged in the days ahead.
And I saw a man that had a meeting with the devil that would fund it to have paid rioters, paid people to bring greater instability into our country so that it would bring civil unrest.
As this happened, I saw an attack against the Second Amendment where they would try to confiscate arms because it was one of the dominoes that had to be removed before they could bring in a One World Order; America had to be disarmed.
And the only way I saw it was mass chaos with mass shootings trying to make instability by certain individuals with a lot of money.
George, I want you to understand that what I have seen coming was to challenge you to say, 'Is it safe for us to go to the movie today?
Is it safe for us to go to church today?
' You would question, 'Is it safe to go to the grocery store today?
' because there's a lot of craziness going on.
And as I saw these things, it was by design and on purpose.
And that's why the Lord said, 'Pray, because there's a plan to try to derail Donald Trump's presidency in a greater way because what he's trying to do will be successful.
' The Lord showed us and we had a window to ride the waves.
But as I saw the enemy—remember yesterday he was again at the battle table with six major principalities around him and they were strategizing on this big table.
Now I know it's a metaphor, probably.
I don't think the devil has a table and he's up there doing this, but it's symbolic that this is really something that's happening in the spirit: these six principalities over all these different continents—it's seven continents, right?
Seven.
So they were all over the areas, is what I'm trying to say, to try to bring instability to these nations—Asia, the continents, Africa.
So in all seven, but with him, he would be seven.
Six plus him is seven.
So all of them together were strategizing to bring instability to the nations.
'How do we do this?
' And he was strategizing.
And what we saw last night in the spirit—what the Lord showed me—was He said every plan he has, every strategy he has, he can't see the future.
Satan can't see the future, but the Lord God Jehovah can.
And every plot, every plan, every pursuit he has against us, He said, 'What the devil meant for bad, I'm going to turn it around for good.
' Brandon, if you pray—if my people pray, if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray.
So that's what we do.
But I saw him and he was furious.
He was hitting that stick against the map—and I don't know what that map was, but there was some kind of piece of paper on this—and he was smacking it down talking to all these demons with huge horns and scales.
I could see him behind the table and he was hitting that table.
He was fierce.
He was furious, angry about wanting to derail.
He doesn't want a revival; he wants mass chaos.
Why?
Because this will bring in the social unrest to bring in the Beast system.
So that's what we were seeing last night and the Lord warned us.
I talked to a man today and he said his wife worked in the government and they're already planning for no food on the first.
They said there's a 99% chance we will not have food stamps or anything on the first.
He said they already know it's not going to happen.
And he told me, 'My wife's big in the government and she's over in this area.
' And she goes—he said—'Honey, you need to go, we need to go get food.
' This is what he told me today.
He said, 'We need to go get food now.
' That's what he said he was doing, and I looked at him and went, 'That's interesting.
' And this man isn't born again.
He said, 'We're going to go get food because we already know what's coming.
' And I said, 'Wow.
' But this is what we knew clear back in 2024, April 3rd or whatever it was.
I had the video Braden was talking about and I've talked about it ever since April 7th.
On April 7th, I had this vision of 2024.
So well over a year we've been getting this warning about what looks like it will be Saturday.
But every single one of these TikToks is saying, 'When do we riot on Saturday?
We're going to go and start taking food from Walmart and we're going to do all this.
We're going to pillage.
' And this is what I saw.
So I'm not trying to scare you; I'm trying to prepare you.
But this is what the Holy Spirit tells us we should pray to deescalate rioting and chaos and burning of the cities.
I saw, like I said, I've told you how many times that I saw New York burning, not just a little bit.
We're talking fires everywhere.
And this goes with David Wilkerson's vision that he had back in 1995 or so, '94—long time ago—warning the people that he saw New York on fire and mass chaos.
So, what will this do?
Will this bring in the dollar collapse?
Will that do all that?
Well, that's what they plan: civil unrest.
But this is what I'm praying about today.
I want you to pay very close attention.
As this civil unrest—if this takes off like what I've seen, we can stop it.
I see in part here.
Listen, as the civil unrest happens—the Red Dawn experience—as the chaos is going over here, we have terrorists in our country.
A Red Dawn experience—you understand?
Red Dawn.
We have the enemy within, the Trojan horse within.
As they're acting nuts over here—civil unrest—what are they doing over here?
This is what we need to be praying about.
Remember when I said I saw the buildings with these trip wires and the firefighters going in there?
They ran into the buildings and as the buildings were on fire in these certain cities, the firefighters would run up to try to put out the fires and get everything going, but there were trip wires with explosives and they were set up.
But this was not the main thing; this was a decoy to what was going to happen over here.
And the Lord said, 'You must pray for what's about to happen over here as well as here.
' I know he is trying to defuse it and everything—which rightfully so we want him to because we don't want them trying to replace him.
We don't need to have any kind of excuse to say, 'Hey, he's not qualified for the job anymore because of his health.
' That's exactly what they would want.
'Well, you know, he doesn't look like he's physically fit anymore; he's having all these issues.
' Any avenue, everything they would try to come against this man, they have tried.
So, we know by the spirit of God what the Holy Spirit has told us.
We're to pray for his heart, his veins, his brain for aneurysms, for whatever this is.
Remember I saw the White House and as I saw the lights were on in the White House, there was a major storm brewing outside and all the tree limbs were on the front yard lawn.
I saw mass chaos going on outside, but the Lord said, 'Pay attention.
The lights are still on.
Pay attention.
Pray for your president.
' And I saw a massive hurricane—looked like a demonic cloud turning above the White House.
It looked like a hurricane and it was blowing and the winds were blowing, but there was still light on in the White House because the people were praying.
And the Lord said, 'This is witchcraft.
This is the occult coming against him.
' And we pray for President Trump's health.
We pray for his heart.
We pray for his legs and the circulation.
The Lord specifically brought up blood clots to dissolve and go away.
No blood clots, no clogged arteries, no whatever.
And the MRI would have picked up all that.
Strokes, high blood pressure, whatever for his body.
And so the other part what we saw last night going over this is Eric Trump.
We saw that God said, "I'm bringing double for the trouble" because Donald Trump didn't have to run for president and do what God had put on his heart to do.
He didn't have to.
He's old; he can retire and go on about his business.
He was president once and he could say, "Listen, I'm going to go play golf for the rest of my life at Mar-a-Lago, go out there and have a glass of tea and enjoy life.
" But he put himself in there at almost 80 years old.
It's time to retire at his age; he's a multi-billionaire.
He can do whatever he wants.
But God put it in his heart to do what he did.
And the Lord said, "Because of this, I saw a great double then a triple on their finances for investments.
" This was concerning crypto and other things.
And the Lord said, "Pray for Eric Trump and Don Jr.
to have supernatural wisdom and discernment on who they're supposed to be talking to because there would be enemies trying to rob them of their blessing.
" So, that's what was the part of that yesterday that I'm bringing up again for the people who don't watch it.
I had a two-and-a-half-hour video last night.
I'll make this one shorter.
I need rest.
But I want to tell you all, those are the things we prayed to.
There comes a time we're going to have to have our own thing, baby.
They don't like what I say.
You're persecuted for the word's sake.
Regardless, I know God is able to do it.
We're going to finish what he's called us to do.
I pray it's working.
You can look at the phone, hun, and see if it's working.
Don't stress out, son.
It's fine.
It's back; the enemy is an idiot.
You want me to do this one?
Yeah, sure.
It's going live.
It's good.
Okay, let's do this.
If it starts doing that, Paisley, let us know.
So, what was I saying?
They're all saying it's good.
So, we're talking about the rich.
You're praying for the rich.
Oh, yeah.
Praying for the blessing.
Because if you watch what the rich do, you get wisdom.
You don't watch what the poor do; you watch what the rich do.
That's why "The Art of the Deal" and those things—that's why I read these books, because they've done it; they've achieved it.
You go, "How did you do it?
" Well, you know, Brandon, you're all into the money.
I didn't say that; it takes money to get the gospel out.
People, I didn't realize how much it cost doing just everything when you push and you start doing things from Bibles to stuff.
It ain't free.
And people get all mad when you start talking about money.
Turn it all off.
Sorry.
This is the end times and we're doing this.
And I'm going to tell you this: God's hand is not short and he wants us to have wisdom.
When I watch the Trumps and I watch what God has done with them, they are like watching the Greens, the people at Hobby Lobby and stuff; you watch people, you learn.
I want to learn from people who have been there and done that.
It's like learning from Billy Burke who's been in ministry for 50 years.
How are you still in ministry after—I mean, longer than I've been alive?
That's amazing.
Don't you think that's amazing?
And you're still going strong or Oral Roberts, you know.
So, I don't know.
What else was I going to say?
We had a list.
I don't want to ramble because you got sister clipboard that gets mad about it.
I try to keep it on track.
Do you remember what else we were going to talk about?
Was that it, son?
Last night you were praying over George—bad guy George.
I don't think there was anything else.
I think that was it.
But did they have any questions?
I can answer some questions real quick because that was pretty quick.
26 minutes?
Boom.
Kept it under an hour.
Highlight rapid shot.
There you go.
Oh, they're asking me to put the mic on.
Testing, one, two, three.
I don't know if this is dead.
Minnie Mouse, you got to talk louder.
From what I see, I think it's dead.
I wasn't saying anything important.
Someone said it keeps cutting out.
The audio is cutting in and out.
But the video is crystal clear.
The audio is cutting out because I'm on live and it does that when I say certain things.
Okay.
So if I say certain things on their platform, your mic is muted; it's like a warning before you disappear.
People are saying audio is fine.
All right.
Well, praise God.
Your audio is good.
Some people are saying not, but some people are saying it's fine.
I can't restart it.
It looks like most are saying it's good.
Well, we just have to go with it.
Like I said, I'm on their platform.
I watch what I say.
But I'm going to tell you this: whenever I've seen other YouTubers, I understand because they say they can't say certain things.
You have to watch what you say.
It's just real.
But okay.
So we pray for Pam today for her protection.
We pray because we know the underground chatter is bigger than what was caught.
This was just fruit; it wasn't the root.
What was said about that woman—what I've told you the Lord said, "Brandon, this is the fruit, not the root.
" We've got to go for the root because of the uncovering from Alex Jones.
Praying over Alex Jones.
Well, you say, "Why would you?
" Because I believe he's a patriot; he's trying to help us.
We pray for him because the Lord said they're going to try to hurt that man.
But as I saw it, the Lord said, "I will spare his life and he'll become a more of a radical voice for me in the days ahead.
" Do you remember what the Lord said?
"I will spare his life, Alex, and he will become a louder voice for me in the outcome of this.
" There would be an attempt, and at this attempt, he would be spared and he would become a louder voice, radically born again.
A near-death experience would shake to awake Alex Jones is what I saw in the spirit.
All I know is that the Lord said his hand was on him.
The Lord said, "My hand is on Alex Jones.
" That's what he said.
And he'll become a loud voice, even louder than what he is right now.
And the Lord said, "Pray for alternative media" like Tucker, him, and other people like Joe Rogan, praying for these men to have a radical experience with the Father because God said, "My hand especially was on Alex Jones.
" He said that he's like a bulldog, and because of this, I saw him like a warrior, like a big grizzly bear.
And that's not funny; it's actually very serious.
Then I saw—I don't know what's going on in Jamaica.
I haven't had time to look, but I'm sure we're praying for Jamaica.
We pray for the people.
I saw a lot of casualties and it looked like a war zone went through that place.
I don't know what it looks like tonight, but we pray for the people of Jamaica.
Praying over pro-Trump, praying over this holiday season.
The enemy is such an idiot.
It's right down at the fourth quarter, all about the end of the year.
And it's a time frame when the Lord said this would be the beginning of the Fed lowering rates and doing things.
And I saw the housing market; it was being taken like this and it was green, and I saw it was transparent houses.
You remember that, the transparent houses?
It wasn't solid.
But then I saw President Trump walking a pig with lipstick, parading a pig with lipstick on, and the pig was walking around and it was so proud and it was shaking its little pig butt and it had a little curly tail and it was like it was the cat's meow.
You know, that little pig was like, 'Woo, I'm out here.
I'm walking.
' And Trump had his head up and he was just walking that pig.
But the pig was still a pig even with the lipstick on.
That means the economy was still not good.
Even if it still looked like that, it had lipstick on.
It's a season.
And I saw the markets and the housing and all that.
And it was transparent.
It wasn't solid no matter how it looked.
And the Lord said, 'I'm giving you a window.
' So here we have them saying, 'Well, we're not going to approve a budget.
We have all these people not getting paid, the flights.
How many of you want to show up for work, working all day long, hard, stressful job, landing airplanes at the FAA, and not get a check after you work your tail end off all day long?
' So they want to shut down air travel.
Do you understand?
And then they said, 'Do most people understand that the Republicans don't have the majority in the Senate?
That they don't have control over it for this budget?
This is not their fault.
' People go, 'Well, it's President Trump.
' Well, I tell you what, it's not President Trump's fault.
They even said, 'We want to pass a $1 trillion budget bill and have all this pork in it.
' And they're saying, 'No, we got to stop this.
Our country is going down.
Our Titanic is going down.
The dollar is done.
I've already told you there's no saving it.
What's coming back is Jesus.
America is not coming back.
I want you to hear me.
People get mad at me for that, but I've seen into it.
What's coming back is Jesus, and they're getting ready for the Beast system.
The dollar's done.
It's a TKO.
We're 40 trillion in the hole.
Well, we're going to pare it back with the tariffs.
We're going to do all this stuff.
It's short-lived.
The same people who want to have a trillion dollar budget bill and all this stuff, they want to keep sinking the ship, not turn it around because they realize this thing is done.
We're going to go to a digital platform, a digital currency.
Everything's going digital.
And I've already told you what happens after that.
Remember what I told you?
In the night when you're asleep, all the money in the banks—remember my first videos, I came on to warn you all—I said all the money in the banks is seized overnight, every bank, because everybody foreclosed on their houses; they couldn't pay, and the cars they couldn't pay.
So they had a debt jubilee, people.
What's that mean?
I just saw that across the board they lumped it all into one thing, and it's like you filed bankruptcy as a nation.
But we're going to reset the system with digital.
And I saw an American flag and a dollar bill.
And all of a sudden, it was worth 50 cents on the dollar.
So, a $100 bill was worth 50 bucks and it was cut in half.
And I saw the digital writing going all over and it started to go into like a crypto writing.
And it was all digital.
And half that flag started turning digital.
And it went all electronic.
People were lined up for food again.
I saw all this.
It happened.
And they said, 'When did you see these things, Brandon?
How come it hasn't happened yet?
You see all this stuff and we're still waiting.
' Thank God.
I don't want my kids raised up in that.
But as I see in part, I hear in part, I know the Lord is praying.
And he said, 'Brandon, I'm giving you more time from October because my people prayed.
You brought Trump in.
I've given you a window of opportunity to change some things to get the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
The church needs to get prepared for a great shaking that is going to awaken the church.
' And I had the video and he said, 'You're not going to stop this.
You're just going to delay it.
' And as I was driving down the road—does anybody remember this?
—I said, 'What we consider poor now will be middle class in the days ahead.
' And I saw tent cities all around with tents everywhere with people not able to afford a home anymore.
And there were people living like Skid Row.
And the rich were still rich, but the middle class was poor and the poor were third world country poor.
I said, 'This can't be America.
This can't be America.
' As I was driving, I had this open-eye vision.
I could see it all as I was driving around, and I could look at the city and see what happened.
And the Lord said, 'Look, open your eyes.
' I said, 'Lord, this is hard.
' And I drove for about five miles in an open-eyed vision driving all the way down the road.
I could see the whole thing panning out on the city.
I could see the people begging for food.
Things happen and it's hard.
But I see these things.
I said, 'When?
When?
' He said, 'You will not change this.
It's coming, but I'm delaying it for you.
A great shaking to awaken will come out of hard times.
A great revival will come out of pressure.
Great revival will come.
I've seen the virus.
I've seen these things.
And that's why I keep praying into it.
That's why I'm here to pray with y'all.
I tell you about Penn.
I tell you about King James, football, and corruption in baseball and the NFL with major sporting events.
I didn't know what I was seeing, but I saw the pray for Bondi and the Lord said there's more.
Pray for Giuliani.
Pray for Alex Jones.
Pray for the Supreme Court judges.
Pray for these people.
Pray for Donald Jr.
Pray for Eric.
Pray for Kai.
Pray for these people, for they have a hit list.
Charlie Kirk was one.
This is bigger than what people realize and how much corruption there truly is.
And that's why we pray for our beautiful nation that we stay strong and that we don't turn on each other and act stupid.
It's a reprobate mind because people don't think right because there's a demonic influence.
We don't wrestle against personalities.
We wrestle against principalities who work through personalities.
So we pray for people.
I've said all that to say this.
I'm probably now well over an hour.
But I'm glad you all show up every night and you want to pray with us.
But this video will go up and go on our regular feed.
I made that little bit right there for the people who don't like to pray because they need to know what's coming regardless.
That's just out of compassion for folks that we need to wake up and know that Jesus Christ is coming.
And many of you all are not ready for his return.
You're lukewarm.
Your hearts aren't ready.
I talked to a lot of people and most of the people are not ready for what's coming.
Jesus is coming and I yell on the mountaintops to tell you that you need to repent and get your heart right before him because you're running out of time.
The ark door's closing.
You said, 'What does that mean?
' As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
A great deception's coming with alien stuff.
We're talking major stuff still coming that'll be fallen angel stuff that's going to scare the poo out of a lot of people because men's hearts will fail them for fear looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
It's not just about asteroids, folks.
It's not just about earthquakes.
We're talking about great deceptions.
They look like Draconian people.
Demonic, I said, the lizard people.
There are lizard people on these continents.
There's lizard stuff going on.
And people go, 'Brandon, you are way out there.
' I'm just telling you what I saw.
And they try to protect the bloodline of this stuff.
And I saw it in the spirit realm.
And the Lord said, 'Watch the walls of the temples from Egypt to the paintings in the caves in America, and from the Native Americans to the Aztec and the Incans and all of the ancient writing, the ancient stuff.
Look at the walls.
' He said they were trying to communicate to you.
Bird people, things like that, giants in the land.
You don't understand.
That's what he said.
He said as in the days of Noah, 'Brandon, this scripture, that verse has a lot more.
It's like an onion with layers.
Remember that.
It's an onion with layers.
As in the days of Noah.
' What is the Lord saying?
Jesus said that in Matthew 24.
What was he saying?
What was he warning about?
What are we about to see?
Fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
The Lord said that for the powers of heaven will be shaken.
I said, 'Lord, what is it?
' 'My people must know the word.
My people must know how to pray.
Go on YouTube and teach my people to pray, for many of them do not know how.
' And that's why we're here.
Raise up a million men and women prayer army and bring them on YouTube and tell them that I'm coming.
Tell them I'm coming.
I said, 'Lord, they know you're coming.
' 'No, they don't know I'm coming.
Their heads are in the sand.
Their hearts are cold towards me.
They have stiff necks towards me, son.
Go and tell them I'm coming and they need to repent.
' I said, 'I'll do my best.
' He said, 'I've not called you to say the easy things.
I call you to say the hard things.
You won't be a tickling ear.
You won't be the one that brings honey.
You're going to tell them the bitter things.
You're going to tell them what I'm telling you by the spirit of God because there's not many that will say what you're going to say, but you'll say it with boldness and I'll protect you.
' He said, 'Okay, you'll say it with boldness and I will protect you.
I'll put a wall of protection around you and your family.
Say what I tell you to say and I'll make you accurate.
You do what I tell you to do.
' I said, 'I'll do it.
' Be a Jeremiah in this generation.
What does that mean?
It's heavy for us.
But we do what God's told us to do.
Even if it's not popular, we do these live streams because I wasn't going to do these live streams anymore.
I really wasn't.
I told Diana, I said, 'I'll just upload videos.
' You know, I started doing this after Charlie Kirk, but I don't know.
Y'all seem to like it.
You pray with us live.
So, we'll pray tonight for a little bit.
Father, we thank you for the body.
We thank you, Father, for all that you've done.
And we thank you, Father, for everything you've done in our lives.
You've been so faithful to us.
But, Father, the underground bunkers, the underground things that I've seen hiding in the United States of America, I ask you to expose the darkness.
Expose the rats in this nation.
Expose the rats in our government.
And I thank you, Father, that you protect Pam Bondi.
Father, I believe that she's appointed for such a time as this.
That Father, you said to pray for her, that she would expose the darkness and in doing so, it would put her life at risk.
Father, there's great darkness in this nation, but Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're draining the swamp.
You're draining the swamp and exposing things.
For you said, seed time and harvest was accelerating.
The whatsoever man sows, that will he also reap.
And because the sower and the reaper would walk hand in hand, that's what you said was coming.
That it wasn't just on the just, but it would be on the unjust.
That if your brother pastor is in sin, you said judgment begins in the house of the Lord first and you were bringing cleansing to the church and all denominations.
So I thank you Lord that you're finishing the work.
You said all the way into 2026, the first of 2026, that Father, you're cleaning up the church.
And that Father, the great revival is about to take place because you're getting your harvesters ready.
You're getting your harvesters ready.
Your church, your ekklesia, us.
We are so excited to be a part and the closers of this last generation—that we are the generation that will not taste death because Jesus Christ is coming.
And I believe it with all my heart.
You said it, 'Brandon, you're the generation that won't taste death.
You're the generation.
Your generation will not taste death.
' Don't worry about all that stuff.
Keep pressing in.
You're closers.
I saved the best for last.
He saved the best intercessors on this channel because you were built for pressure.
You were built for such a time as this.
You're called to the kingdom.
And I believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ is raising up our Davids of this generation, our Esthers, our Hannahs, whoever you want to be called in a Bible character.
That God's raising up people like the Gideons, the Joshuas that say, 'We will stand against what the enemy is trying to do.
And we will preach that Jesus Christ is coming and we'll do it with boldness.
For there are many with us.
There's more with us than are with him.
' Like Elijah said to go out there and look.
Oh, there's all these troops out there, but the holy angel fire on the chariots are watching over us just like they are with them.
And I believe that Jesus Christ is our protector.
I believe that the greater one is on the inside of us and as He is, so are we in this world.
That Father, we have that spark that the glory shines on our face just like Moses, that when people see us, they say there's something different about them.
That we stand out in the darkness just like moths to a light.
Father, you're raising up people with a backbone like a crowbar that will not bow down, just like we will not bow.
If we don't bow, we will not burn.
You're the fourth man in the fire.
You're the fourth man in our fire, Lord.
If you did it for Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, you'll do it for us.
And you're our fourth man in the fire.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word says.
And if God be for us, who can be against us?
And we believe, Father, in the precious blood of Jesus Christ.
And we believe in your healing power.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, from the top of Diana's head to the soles of her feet, I'm healed.
I'm whole.
She's well.
My son, my daughters, we're blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said, 'I've not even given you hard words yet compared to what I'm about to.
' Thank you, Lord, for the opportunity to stand in the wall for you.
Thank you, Father, for the opportunity to warn the people for what you want us to do.
And Father, we'll do it with accuracy and with boldness, all to the glory of God.
Not moved by what we see or what they say about us.
We will do what you told us to do, fearing you, not man.
We fear God, not man.
Thank you, Lord, for our president.
Thank you, Father, for our nation, for we have a nation that's one nation under God.
And we thank you for this window of opportunity, Father, that we will bring in the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before in any generation.
I thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
And we take this in the name of Jesus.
Lord, we take the blood and we apply the blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And I plead the blood over my wife, my children, our finances, and our health.
I thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus, and I apply the blood.
Father, we make much of the blood.
I anoint you with oil.
I love you.
Father, I anoint you with oil.
I put the bloodline on us, Father, in Jesus' name, that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
The blood of Jesus Christ covers us from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
We plead the blood over us, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that as we confess our sins, You are faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
We thank you, Lord, that we are Holy Ghost and fire from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
Jesus Christ is real to us and He has come to set us free.
Jesus set us free.
For sickness, I have health.
For poverty, wealth.
For Christ has ransomed me.
We're not under the curse; Jesus has set us free.
Christ paid the price of the broken law.
He paid the whole price for me, for you, and for us to walk in victory over sickness, disease, poverty, lack, sin, depression, anxiety, and fear.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory over all of it.
We don't have to have sickness, torment, or night terrors.
For He gives His angels charge over us to bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We're not under the curse; Jesus has set us free.
Thank you, Father, for the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Take the blood, baby.
I did that differently.
Glory to God.
I love taking communion; it's my favorite time.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
Thank you, Father, for Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
Galatians 3:13 says Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us.
For it is written, 'Cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree.
' I believe that Jesus Christ paid the price for you—all of it.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small; Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
Now, Father, we come against the mass rioting in the name of Jesus over our cities.
We plead the blood over the city of Chicago, Philadelphia, and New York City, and against the fires and all the rioting.
We say, 'Satan, you will not destroy our towns.
You will not destroy our cities.
' Father, I thank you that there's a peace over our nation.
There will not be all this rioting and chaos of people burning things and stealing food.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a spirit of peace that passes all understanding over this nation.
We believe, Father, that what the devil meant for bad is going to backfire in his face.
They will say, 'We shouldn't have done that.
' There will be prayer and worship at those places.
Where there would be mass chaos, Father, there'll be mass salvations—Mass salvations beyond anybody's comprehension because the Spirit of the Lord is there.
I thank you, Father, that nobody will lose their life.
I thank you, Father, that our politicians would come to an agreement, something sensible, to keep the country going and pay our employees who are working hard to earn a paycheck.
They are honorably showing up to keep our FAA going, to keep our country safe—our federal workers, federal employees, and the FBI too.
All the government employees, I thank you that they get their checks.
They worked hard for five weeks without a check.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you get this done.
Holy Spirit, I ask you to work on the hearts of these RINOs, these stiff-necked politicians, to be sensible about a budget and get our government back open and get our people their money.
Father, I thank you that you're working on our behalf, that this will come to pass in the name of Jesus and you're turning this around.
Hey, Pais, just stay still, love.
Stay still.
We call for a turnaround in Jesus' name.
We say this is turning around right now.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are working on our behalf against the demonic spirits that are messing with these people, causing all this strife.
From Schumer to Pelosi to whoever else—I don't know all their names, but we pray for those two a lot.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're turning this around in Jesus' name.
Even Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we even pray for Bernie Sanders.
We thank you, Lord, that things are turning around in Jesus' name.
AOC.
That's right.
We thank you, Lord, that you turn these hard-hearted, demonic people around in Jesus' name.
Father, let her have a visitation with you.
Our people will get their money.
Our military and our servicemen and women—the Marines, the Navy, the Air Force, the Army, and even the Space Force—will get their money on the first.
Father, we call for the money to pay the people who are protecting our nation, so their families at home will not go without.
This is ridiculous.
I thank you, Father, that we get a sensible budget in Jesus' name and get this fixed now.
All roadblocks and delays be removed.
We call it in right now in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Father, for working on our behalf.
It's too big of a mess; too much pride and ego.
Father, you said you humble the proud and give grace to the humble.
I thank you, Father, that you're humbling the prideful people right now.
Shake them and awaken them in Jesus' name.
There'll be peace in our nation.
I pray over our Supreme Court that they would not go by political bias, but by the law of the land and uphold the Constitution of the United States of America.
If it's against the Constitution and against the flow of being free, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you would stand in the gap for us.
They don't vote Republican or Democrat; they vote the Constitution.
They go with the law of the land concerning the Constitution and they uphold it.
In Jesus' name, we pray for our great nation.
We pray for our great nation that we will not see this fall.
It will not become a goat nation; we'll stay a sheep nation—this one nation under God.
Father, we call those things that be not as though they were.
Now God, I pray over China, over our brothers and sisters in Asia, and over South Korea that they would uphold their law and they would be a God-fearing nation.
I'm not really familiar with all their stuff, but I tell you this: I know that South Korea is free to worship and do things right.
They're not communist like China.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that even Taiwan would not be taken over by China.
I saw Taiwan being taken over by China, and I thank you, Lord, that you're putting a hedge around Taiwan.
We pray for revival all over Asia in Jesus' name, all over Australia in Jesus' name, and all over Canada.
We call for a major revival in Jesus' name over Canada, over Asia, over South America, over Africa, over Europe, and over the Middle East.
I call for a revival in Jesus' name—a Holy Ghost fire over these nations.
Father, we pray over Jamaica and this hurricane.
We call Melissa to have its eye poked out in Jesus' name.
That hurricane would fall apart.
That Category 5 is falling apart and it goes and falls apart quickly with no mass casualties.
We thank you that the angels of the Lord are encamped around the believers in Jamaica and all.
Father, I thank you, Lord, there is a shaking to awaken coming to Jamaica, for a great revival would begin in Jesus' name.
God, we praise you, Father.
I thank you, Lord, for your hand is on Jamaica.
Your hand is on Cuba, that a major revival will take place in Cuba.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a major revival taking place throughout Cuba in Jesus' name for all the Latinos.
Father, they have a major harvest for souls.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that in all things we see, we plead the blood over our spiritual eyes, that we are uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I see a turnaround on Friday.
In the midnight hour, I see a turnaround on Friday.
We call that turnaround on Friday.
I see it.
It's a small little window, but we'll take it.
It's a small little window by a few votes.
Do you hear me?
It's a small window on Friday late with a few votes.
A few votes—all they need.
I hear a few votes to push this over.
A few votes.
By a fraction of a hair.
I see fear in their hearts.
I'm seeing it prophetically.
It's just a few people.
Do you hear me?
A few.
I see these few.
The Lord said, 'I'd give you a few.
' You pray over those just right there.
He said, 'You see that group right there?
' I see them.
It's a huddle.
It's just a few.
One, two, three—I'm counting their faces—four, five, six, seven.
And then there's one predominant one.
Pray over these few in the midnight hour for a change, a Hail Mary, a conviction on their hearts.
I see their minds.
It's on their minds.
It's pressure from the outside.
It's pressure on them to make this decision on the outside: 'You do what we tell you to do.
' I hear it.
There's pressure, but it's about money.
'You do what we tell you to do or we cut off the money.
Your election's coming up next year.
You do what we tell you to do.
' I see the plan.
I see fires.
We pray over the few, making the right choices.
If we can just get them to flip right there, it will be over.
I see these people's hearts; they're not too far from it.
They're right on the edge, but they're being pushed by these other outside sources and they're being told, 'You do what we tell you to do.
' Great influence is on them for pressure from their party.
But they're so close—it's about a hair like this.
We just got to push it over by the Spirit right now.
We call it in as they're sleeping.
As He's working on their hearts as they're sleeping.
At the midnight hour, we call a turnaround over their hearts.
Even Pocahontas.
Do you understand?
A fear of the Lord.
A sensible budget, a sensible coming to the table.
We're calling it in right now in Jesus' name.
We will not have riots in this nation.
You'll not burn our buildings.
You'll not steal from us.
They'll not have all this chaos.
We call peace over this nation in the name of Jesus.
We'll have peace over every state—over Arkansas, over Oklahoma, over Texas, over Illinois, and over California.
We'll not have it in the name of Jesus.
The blood.
And immediately turn.
It is, I see even concerning Ukraine.
This money is to influence into Ukraine.
The arrow goes from Washington, D.
C.
into Ukraine to Kyiv for special interests.
They're trying to protect this, but that money is not accounted for.
There's no accountability over that money.
It goes in extension to Ukraine and there's no accountability there.
You draw your own conclusion.
It's 15 billion.
There's money there.
I just see the money funneling.
Stiff-necked people with a bad agenda.
Darkness in the corners.
I see labs—medical labs, science projects.
They look like biolabs.
They have white outfits on and I see white counters.
Same thing, with the Lord saying, 'Protect, protect.
Exposing of the darkness and protect.
' We call for the exposing of the darkness.
Why are they resisting so hard?
It's touching their special interests—pet projects.
I'm seeing New Year's Eve.
I'm in Times Square.
I see the two men on CNN.
New York will look so much different at this time.
But this time, it's like no hope for some.
America looks so different in 2026.
There's so much expectation for the beginning of the new race.
You have that expectation for 2026.
Every year you're optimistic.
What does this year hold?
You can feel that charge in the atmosphere.
I feel it.
But everybody wants blessing; they want a New Year's resolution.
They're expecting.
I'm in Times Square.
I can see it; it's so clear.
There is a sadness there.
I'm looking into it and I can see it.
I can see those two men.
I'm just camping there, trying to figure out why the Lord has brought me there.
Now I'm back in Ukraine.
I hear John Lennon's 'Imagine' playing.
Lord, Holy Spirit, what is this?
What are you showing me all this for?
I hear 'Imagine all the people.
' It's in New York.
I just saw a flash.
I saw a flash.
I'm not going to say anything else out loud.
I can see the building.
I hear people screaming.
Whenever you are in a crowd, you hear them yelling and running.
What year is this?
I thank you, Father, that every plot and every plan is uncovered in Jesus' name.
I just plead the blood over my mind.
It looks like a teardrop and the way it goes out.
It looks like when you use a flash on a camera, but this is yellow.
It looks like a yellow flash.
It's in the middle, almost like when you hold a match, but this is a massive thing that goes out and looks like a flash of light.
It moves in this one area and moves out, and it looks like fire but is shaped like a teardrop.
It's so clear.
I can hear women screaming.
I can see this move out; it doesn't just go out on the sides, it goes up and down.
I see this light, a flash, moving out.
I hear women screaming and I hear John Lennon singing 'Imagine.
' I can't see what happened to anybody; I just hear them screaming.
I don't know what that is.
It sounds like when Godzilla comes onto a scene and people are screaming.
It's echoing, the echo of the sound of men and women.
The vision disappeared, but I could see a flash and hear screams.
Then nothing, but then I was in Ukraine again.
I don't know what that is; it's light, like a flash.
I'm not going to assume anything or add to or take away from it.
I told you exactly what I see.
I know those two men are on CNN on New Year's Eve, and I can hear the music.
At the beginning of the vision, there was anticipation for the year.
In 2026, people were excited about the year and the change, but there's fear and sadness in the atmosphere.
I see the face of the man running for mayor.
He spoke before me right then.
We pray every plot is uncovered, just like we uncovered the SIM cards and prayed over Pam Bondi.
We have authority.
I believe it's to be continued.
The vision lifted; I was in it very strongly, and then it went away.
He didn't want me to see anything else or talk about it publicly yet.
There are more prayer assignments; we have so much work to do.
The Lord keeps us on track regarding these people and their plots, plans, and pursuits.
I pray for our government to stay open this week as we are in this together.
We'll pray for revival and for our churches to wake up, praying for President Trump.
I'm seeing a little bit more about the eagle—trying to fatally wound the eagle.
I see the man with the black hoodie again, the enemy within.
He has a plan.
The Lord said, 'Take one bite at a time.
How do you eat an elephant?
One bite at a time.
Don't focus on all of it; I'm giving you pieces to pray over.
' I hear the Spirit of the Lord saying, 'Brandon, right now you're tackling the budget.
You eat a whole elephant one bite at a time.
Don't get overwhelmed.
Take the care out of your prayer, because that makes you get in the flesh.
' What I'm seeing is very troublesome and heavy in the natural, but the Lord said, 'I show you pieces at a time.
This is ongoing.
' Right now, we take authority over the budget.
That's what you have to do for the riots they have planned for this weekend going into next week—that this will be drained.
We eat this one bite at a time.
We do one thing at a time, then go to the next.
The Lord gives you a little bit more and says, 'You have a track you have to keep on.
' We call those seven to turn in the middle of the night.
It's on a thin line, but we have the victory.
We need a sensible budget that is not crazy and pays our people what they deserve.
They've earned it; it's honorable.
A man or woman is worthy of their hire.
If they work for it, we need to pay them as a nation.
That's the bottom line.
It's honorable to pay people what they've earned.
The FAA works hard to keep us protected and watch over us while we're flying; it's just common sense.
Regarding these RINOs, the Lord said to pray for this group because there is softness, but there's also influence on them to be blackmailed.
I hear them say, 'You do what we tell you to do.
' The Lord said to pray for that group because there is some softness you can work with.
I saw this group of people leaning toward voting the right way, but they are having great pressure from others saying, 'You do this and we'll make sure you don't get reelected.
' There's blackmail and outside pressure about money funding their campaigns.
They should flip parties anyway and say they're done, but they stand for what they stand for.
They know what's right, and paying people their wages is right.
They have a conscience partially.
Some of the things they stand for are wrong.
But I'm just saying the Lord said that's what you need.
And as they're trying to—I'm just telling you what the Holy Spirit says.
So that's what we're going to continue to pray in.
So I challenge you as we close tonight.
You have an assignment.
We're praying for the hearts to change—there are like seven of them; I'm trying to count every one of them.
There was one behind that said praying over these people to change.
I saw men and women both change this, to flip this, to pay our troops, to pay so that there's no rioting, and at the midnight hour going into Friday, everything will be done.
That's Halloween.
We can pray into it a little bit more and then we'll close because I want to take a break.
But we use our authority.
Satan, let him go.
We call peace over their hearts that they make the right choices and the right decisions concerning paying our people, that the budget will be passed—a sensible budget will be passed in the name of Jesus.
And we call that in right now.
We call it in at the midnight hour that You are working on their hearts.
You're working on their hearts.
And we send angels of the Lord—angels, aid, and assistance—to work on our behalf right now in the name of Jesus that we will not have anymore of this government shutdown.
We call for exposing of the darkness and pork spending bills, labs with experiments going on, and all these things that You showed me tonight.
Lord Father, I thank You, Lord, that every hidden pork bill is being exposed and they come to some sensible conclusion in Jesus' name.
And we give You praise and glory for it.
We pray over President Trump's heart.
We lift up his heart before You, over his arteries, over his heart, over any blood clots, any kind of brain activity of aneurysms or anything.
We pray over his blood flow.
We thank You, Lord, that he lives long and finishes strong.
His marriage is good.
His children are healthy.
I pray a hedge of protection around and about Kai, over Don Jr.
, over Eric, over Ivanka, over Barron, over Tiffany, over all of them.
We say a thousand should fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but it will not come nigh them.
And I pray over the Vice President and over his wife and his children.
And we thank You, Lord, for our Supreme Court judges.
Father, we pray over our nations.
We thank You, Lord, for I saw this young man rising up in Australia and we'll have a major move of God in Australia, and Father, I thank You, Lord, for bringing forth new Davids into that area.
Father, for a major harvest of souls all throughout Asia.
I don't want it to always be about America when you come on here and pray.
So we pray over every nation that is represented here right now that You have a major move of God in your pastors and your men and women of God, that there's a supernatural harvest of souls.
We call Kim Jong-un to be removed and Father, that the Iron Curtain will come down and a major revival will happen in North Korea, and Father, I thank You, Lord, that the Middle East is the same way, that the glory of the Lord is made known.
Father, I thank You through me and you and those that are represented here, and we shine our light for the light has come and the glory of the Lord.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon us in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everybody say amen and amen.
Does anybody have any questions before I close here tonight?
Anything they want to know before I go?
You all are such a blessing.
There's so many of you that come on so late at night and pray with us, but this is when we usually pray and we intercede for the nations.
I usually keep going.
You know what's interesting is the spirit realm is more active from 2 to 4 in the morning than any other time.
And I don't understand that, but it's the way it is.
It is intense from 2 to 4 a lot of times, isn't it?
We've done that; there's something about it.
What about the aliens tomorrow?
I don't think we'll have anything alien tomorrow.
I haven't seen anything more.
The Lord said it's coming.
A great deception is coming.
Now, He doesn't give me a date.
But people talk about Atlas all the time.
And I believe there's something to this.
There's something very dark about this asteroid thing.
There's something very dark about it.
The way it moves, but when you don't look in the natural and you're looking in the spirit, you can feel it.
You feel darkness around things and you go, 'There, that's not right.
There's something more to this.
' It's like the manipulation the Lord—when He talked about weather manipulation, weather warfare—He said you're about to see storms that you've never seen before.
It's like Jamaica, this whole thing.
That's not normal when you have a hurricane that moves just like this and then goes right into it.
That's not normal.
Category 5 wiping people out and killing people.
That's not normal like that.
We have hurricanes all the time.
Look at how it moved in its track and the way it went.
It was like it's just designed to go perfectly for them.
It's very strange.
And then go and be one of the strongest, 174-mile sustained wind.
That's crazy.
That's huge.
That's a big storm.
We are in the last of the last days and we're going to see signs in the heavens and signs in the earth and things happen.
I know by the Spirit of God, the Lord told me there's weather manipulation, weather weapons, weaponizing weather with major ice storms and snowstorms and blizzards and things like that that cause great damage.
So, thank you for all those Super Thanks and Super Chat things.
Thank you all.
You all are always such a blessing to us.
I see them on there and I just go, 'Wow.
' I appreciate the $100.
Thank you for always being such a blessing to us.
We pray we're a blessing to you all.
You know, we don't want to waste your time.
We come on here and we pray.
We're going to pray regardless as a family.
So, we just make it public and pray with you all and we know it blesses you and you bless us.
And I just want to say thank you.
But you know, sometimes I want to turn all the chat off so you're able to focus on the prayer part instead of chatting.
There's so much you could do if you just focus on His face as you're praying—so many people are typing and talking—focus on Him and push this thing.
It's like 'many hands make light work' and you're pushing a boulder up a mountain in the spirit realm.
That's what I visualize.
You're pushing this boulder and usually I could try to push it up by myself and the angels are helping me, you know, but I always look at you all and I go, 'Hey, we have 5,100 people right now pushing the boulder,' and it's called RINOs in our government that are trying to bring mass chaos and all this stuff.
So all of us together, if one of us could put a thousand to flight, two of us could put 10,000 or whatever.
How much can 5,000?
I don't even know the math.
You do the math.
That's a bunch of angels.
So we know many hands make light work.
And we have the power of the blood of Jesus.
We're using our authority.
And if we come together, how much can we change in the name of Jesus?
It's at the name of Jesus every knee shall bow.
Every tongue will confess that He is Lord.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, there's power in the body of Christ if we join together and pray.
And that's why I do these even more because I think we're seeing change.
We feel it.
So, knowing that, I'm expecting a change in this political situation this week that we are not going to see craziness on Saturday.
We don't want buildings burning down.
I don't want to see all that: Walmart, Target, and wherever else they want to pillage—Costco, Kroger, Sam's—going in there and starting to steal everything before this Christmas season.
It would cause mass chaos in our nation with martial law.
I don't want the police telling me when I have to go home.
What if I want to go out and get something to eat?
You have to go home by 7 o'clock?
You can't; it's dark outside.
No way, man.
We're free for a reason, and we're not going to have knuckleheads come in here and destroy our cities so that President Trump would have to have martial law because they don't have their food stamps.
We need these politicians to do what they're called to do.
Do your job so we don't have all this craziness in our nation.
41 million people are on food stamps right now.
That is sad.
That's a lot of people—more than 10% of our nation on food stamps.
Now, I don't know if all those people need to have them, but it's not my call.
It's not my job.
So if they believe they need them and they need help, then by all means.
I had food stamps for a long time.
We couldn't have lived if it wasn't for those food stamps.
When we were living on minimum wage with our kids, we depended on it.
We were excited when we got that every month.
I remember we were scared when you'd think, 'Well, you got to stretch it,' and we would stretch it because we were living paycheck to paycheck.
We didn't have anything, and I thank God for that government when they helped us.
It was rough, but it was a blessing.
Back then, we thanked God for it.
I don't ever condemn anybody because I was there for years, and it was like God helped me being a janitor.
We lived by paychecks and we didn't even have it.
We were so thankful for those food stamps.
I don't ever sit here and beat on anybody's head because I lived it for more than 10 years, and God provided, and we are thankful.
I know what it's like to not have that on the first and think, 'Oh my gosh.
' So I'm never going to poke anybody.
I know exactly.
There's always going to be people in every situation that abuse stuff, but there are people that rightfully need that help.
Yeah, because I was there.
Thank God.
It bought our meat.
It bought our bread.
It bought our peanut butter.
It bought everything we needed for that month.
The church didn't pay us much, but we made it and God provided.
We made it through.
So we don't want the people to go without on the first.
I can't imagine what we would have done back then.
If they say, 'Well, are you going to have it?
' we would have to go out and get another job and do more and more work even making what we had.
Thank God for it.
It's pride.
You know, a lot of times as a man, you don't want to have to do that.
You think, 'Oh God, you've been a lousy husband or a lousy father.
' It was not that.
I worked my tail end off; I just didn't have an education at the time.
God has been faithful to Brandon.
So we love you all and we want to thank you for joining us tonight.
Paisley wants to say hi.
'Hi, everybody.
Hi, everybody.
' She's a good kid.
One day I'll let you on here, but not now.
Do they have any questions?
That's it.
Nope.
Well, we love you.
Remember, thank you for praying for us and praying with us.
Yes.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
We'll see you again tomorrow.
We'll keep praying.
I felt I should keep praying.
It's been interesting because it's been about the October 31st praying, every day really trying to hit this hard to get this government back open and get this budget passed so we don't have craziness because I've already told you the result of it.
But I already know God has a plan, and we're going to stop this in the name of Jesus.
And we're not going to allow our nation to get burned up and get craziness.
We're going to believe God for revival.
But remember, put a smile on your face, song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.